Good morning family, how are y'all doing today? Well, praise the Lord, I have Diana with me again and we are just excited to be here.
You know, we're just seeking the Lord together and we've been reading this book by John Bevere, 'Drawing Near'.
Yeah, it's amazing and it is phenomenal. We were just like scavengers, folks; we will look through wherever we can to find a good meal with the Lord.
You know, if you don't feel like you're getting spiritually fed all the time in certain areas, you've got to find what it is.
You can't just be lazy; you can't just depend on your pastor to feed you all the time.
You've got to be bold enough and strong enough to go out there and say, 'Listen, I'm going to find me something today, whatever I need in my life.'Does that make sense?
Yeah, not just on Wednesdays and Sundays—every day. Find something.
You get your food on Sunday, you get your food on Wednesday, and if that's all you feed your spirit, your flesh eats every day, three times a day.
If you feed your flesh two and three times a day, you need to feed your spirit, and you can't just feed it on Wednesdays and Sundays, right?
So, Diana and I, we're always looking all the time for words that will fan the flame.
How do you keep strong in these dark times? We had an election, and thank God it's over, but it's time to move on.
I really believe the Holy Spirit is telling me, 'Brandon, let's not talk about politics no more.
We're done.'We saw it, we had it, and the caravan's moving on, folks.
I just can't park there no more; you'll dry up spiritually. Always praying for the election, always that stuff.
Yeah, we pray for our government, we pray for our leaders, but we've got to get deeper in the things of God.
I noticed even with this, I did my mission, I did what He said to do, and now He's telling me, 'Brandon, it's time for you to tell my people something different here.'Like we say, we came, we conquered; it's time to keep climbing.
We don't build a tent there; we're climbers. So it's time to keep climbing, keep on pressing on. We've got to go to the summit, and I'm excited, y'all.
You know, the Lord was instructing me about prayer, and He was talking about staying full, being filled and controlled by the Holy Spirit, but showing me examples of people who fake it a lot.
You can fake being full for a season, for a little bit, and fool people because you have all the Christian lingo, the verbiage, the hallelujahs, the shouts, and you shake a little bit.
You can put on a performance sometimes, and people fall for it.
But if you're a seasoned veteran and you're watching that, you know the difference between fake and real.
You know the difference between cold and hot, even whenever they pretend they're hot. You know when they start praying if there's no well there.
I heard another person stand up before and they start praying, and the glory comes into the atmosphere.
You can't mock the glory. When the glory is there, there's no flesh that can make that happen.
It's beautiful when the spirit of the Lord comes in through prayer.
It's Holy Ghost prayer versus somebody who is dry, trying to make prayer happen like a counterfeit.
That's why we don't want that on our channel. I don't want to waste your time. If I don't feel it...
there are some days I come here and I feel dry and I just try to get through, but I don't want that.
I want to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit so that when you take time out of your day, you're getting a fresh touch from the Holy Spirit.
You walk away changed. I don't want to fall out in the Holy Ghost, shake a couple of times on the floor, and get up and be the same.
No, I want impartation. I want to change. I want to go from glory to glory.
I don't want to play church where we say a couple of whatever and we get up and we shake around and have a 'Holy Ghost thing'trying to mock what we had 10 years ago when we were kids.
The Holy Spirit wasn't in it; it's just flesh. People get weird.
I want something tangible, something I can bite my teeth into spiritually that's going to change me and draw me closer to Him.
When we found this book by John Bevere, 'Drawing Near', it's exactly what we needed.
He didn't sponsor this; we don't even know this man. We truly believe there's something in this.
We've read a lot of his books and they're life-changing, very anointed.
Some people say, 'Well, this is old,'but I don't care how old it is. I'm extremely picky about what I read.
Diana will read a couple of pages and she'll go, 'This is trash,'and throw it away. A lot of people send us books and she'll throw them away.
If you don't want to have your feelings hurt, don't tell her to read your book because we're not going to sugarcoat it. You can't counterfeit the Holy Spirit.
We're veterans, folks, and I'm not trying to be prideful, but I'm a veteran when it comes to knowing what's real and authentic.
I know it instantaneously. I'm like a tractor beam. I just know when you know.
Even when you see people behind the pulpit, you listen to them and go, 'You just need to sit down.'I'm not trying to be rude, but you're wasting people's time if you didn't take the time to fill yourself up with the Holy Ghost before you came to church.
Sit down and pass the baton to somebody else. I want to go from glory to glory.
We get all caught up in the politics and everything going on and we camp there, but God's wanting to move the caravan and go up the mountain now.
We've got to pray for this nation, yes, but we've got to get a harvest for the Kingdom; He is the Lord of the harvest.
You can always tell when a book is written for money or if it's really Holy Spirit inspired.
I don't want to cut you off, Diana, I'm sorry; I start rattling too much.
I want you to show them, babe. This is what changes you. Aren't you ready for some authentic, quit-playing-church folks?
I'm tired of walking away and not having a life-experience change with the Lord.
I don't want to just fall down and shake a little bit; I want to get up and go, 'My God, I'm changed.'You get lackadaisical and comfortable as you're praying for the election and all that stuff, but you always have to come back to the heartbeat of God.
What is He saying about this generation? Draw near. I'm desperate for a touch today.
I see the emails and you're so broken; you're not getting fed at your churches.
You're desperate for change, for your marriages, for healing, for all this stuff, but you're not going to the Source. It's about drawing near to Him. It's being like Moses.
He had everything in Egypt, just like John Bevere talks about in his book, and he never once complained about wanting to go back.
He even said, 'I don't want to go to the Promised Land, I don't want to go to the next level, if You're not going with us.
I would rather stay here in the desert if I don't have You.'He chose the desert just to stay with God. That's desperate, because the desert is not a fun place.
I don't think a lot of people want to go through any hard times—a financial collapse or any craziness—because anytime I bring it up, people say, 'Oh my God, I rebuke that.'But the Lord said to keep doing the same thing and asking for something different is insanity.
We want change, we want the glory, we want revival. I had a mega-minister text me tonight asking, 'Where's the glory?
Why haven't we seen it? What's the hold-up?'That's a great question.
Where is the revival? Where is the presence of the Lord in the churches? Do you know of anything real happening?
We had something at the tent revival a couple of weeks ago, but I haven't heard of anything since we focused on the election.
We got what we wanted, and now we have the ability to turn around, but we don't want to change.
They don't want to let go of their seeker-friendly message with skinny jeans and fog machines. They're like Moses's people—they choose to stay back.
Moses went up on the mountain for 40 days, and they all had the ability to come up with him; the Lord invited every single one of them to have a relationship with Him.
But they chose to send Moses because it was uncomfortable to their flesh. Aaron didn't go.
Joshua had more fear of the Lord; he stood down there, wanting to be as close as he could.
In Exodus, it says He drew them all there to have a relationship with Him. He's doing the same thing today.
He's no respecter of persons; He wants a relationship with every single one of you.
We are like sponges, folks. What you feed on the most is what's going to come out of you.
I can tell a lot of times when we go around people, they don't have any Holy Ghost because they avoid the conversation.
An exchange takes place over meals that is greater than in any other setting.
This is why Paul tells us not to eat with someone who claims to be a believer yet lives in habitual sin—that's 1 Corinthians 5:11.
We open our heart and become intimate over a meal. When people invite us out and get offended when we say no, it's not that I'm better than them; it's in 1 Corinthians. Diana, read that scripture.
'But now I am writing to you that you must not associate with anyone who claims to be a brother or sister but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolator or slanderer, a drunkard or swindler.
Do not even eat with such people.'You've got to come up higher; be careful who you eat with.
Jesus would go out and hang out with people, but He dominated the atmosphere.
If you're not strong enough to dominate the atmosphere, don't hang around them because they'll influence you.
You need to change atmospheres. I can feel the atmosphere through discernment and words of knowledge.
I know if a pastor is dry or lukewarm. You can't fake it. We seek out where it's authentic. Here's another piece of the book I wanted her to read.
The Holy Spirit told him to pull off the side of the road and whisper to his heart: 'Did I not say to you, pray without ceasing?'He responded, 'Yes Lord.'He probed further: 'Is prayer a monologue or dialogue?'He responded, 'It's a dialogue, Lord.'His words came quick: 'Well, if I said to pray without ceasing, then that means I am willing to communicate with you without ceasing.'The more you get to know a person, the more you learn their ways.
It's the same with the Father. The more you draw near to Him, the more you know when something is bothering Him.
I know when I've overstepped a line and need to apologize. I want to be quick to repent and follow the Holy Spirit.
The Bible says He corrects those He loves. I want to grow. I don't want the next four years to be more of the same road.
I'm ready for Him to come. But we have to have major changes. It might make your flesh squirm.
People don't want a financial crisis, but the Lord is concerned about the unbeliever.
What is it going to take to get the people in San Francisco, Portland, and Seattle to awaken? What draws them to repentance?
Sometimes it takes a shake, like COVID did, to awaken the people in China or those who have cried out to Buddha or Muhammad and still don't have an answer.
They need us to be the salt and light. The only way you'll get that is by drawing near.
It's not politics; it's not Donald Trump; it's not the Senate or the House.
The only thing that's going to change America is an awakening unto God.
People get mad when I talk about a shaking, but I want what He wants.
Jesus didn't want to die on the cross in His flesh; He sweat drops of blood, but He said, 'Not my will, but Yours be done.'What will it take to wake up the billions going to hell?
They are comfortable in Las Vegas or the clubs. It's going to take something drastic.
We're going to pray for the lost. I want revival and a harvest, but not at the expense of making our flesh comfortable.
The glory comes with a price. Are you willing to pay it? It takes dying to self.
The Lord even told Diana He's waiting on the harvesters. Tell them what the Lord told you, babe.
'See, this is the problem with My body; they are so afraid of hearing the wrong voice that they don't even want to hear My voice at all, so they shut it all off.
But if you're spending time in the word and seeking Me, you will hear it.'The enemy's goal is separation.
People are afraid of the prayer language because they're stuck in their heads.
If you spend time with Him and feed on the word, the rest will fall into place. If you can't hear God for yourself, you're in trouble.
A seasoned person familiar with His voice doesn't have to test everything every single second because they know Him.
It should always be backed by scripture. If I can't find it in the word, it ain't God.
He's passionate about a relationship with you. Even the hang-up on Christmas—Jesus is the reason for the season.
We celebrate Jesus. Some say Easter is pagan, too, but I celebrate anytime I can give God glory.
We're not talking about some pagan entity; we're talking about 'Joy to the World'.
I give gifts when the Lord says to. One year when we had nothing, someone gave us $1,000 for Christmas.
People are so scared there's a devil behind every bush that they let people rob them of something joyous.
If you don't want to follow the channel because I have a 'pagan tree', then bye.
I'm determined to have a relationship with the Father. We seek deeper intimacy. I make an atmosphere for Him.
If He showed up at your house, would He want to stay, or is there so much strife and crap?
We're trying to fan your flame. We want to inspire you to be on fire.
We see the emails and have compassion. I feel like I'm in an emergency ward.
You're on spiritual life support and you need living water.
Diana, read about the sand. His thoughts about you outnumber the grains of sand.
Our value is determined by the purchaser. What is our value to God?
That's where we find our true value. God sets the standard, not men.
I encourage you to get the book; there are nuggets that will fan your flame. We pray for you. There is a great shaking coming.
There will be days that seem dark, but there will be light in Goshen, folks, and we will have the greater glory.
I told you there would be a reprieve, but when will the house of cards fall?
There's too much debt; there has to be a reset. We're going to pray for the Lord to fan your flame.
Father, we thank You for every person here. We call for a hunger to grow inside of them.
We take authority over satanic forces and addictions. We thank You for a supernatural transfer.
We thank You for books like this from John Bevere. We want to go from glory to glory.
We lift up Elon Musk—this is day three—and we call him born again in the name of Jesus.
According to Ephesians 1:18, let the eyes of his understanding be enlightened.
Give him a supernatural encounter. Let him be the next Billy Graham. Let him use technology like Starlink for the gospel.
We believe that for Elon Musk today, that he'll use that technology all for the glory of the living God, and Father, we believe it in Jesus'name.
We love the good emails—like the one from the lady involved in the motorcycle accident.
It's an honor that you watch. We've made it 30 days. God bless you all. Bye-bye.